
Sneak Peak: 
We will learn NextJS combined with Tailwind and Clsx, with the datatables postgreSQL on Neon (via Vercel), deployed on Vercel.

Requirement: 
- Knows ReactJs and now moving towards NextJS

Soft Requirements:
- Typescript you don't need to be a master of it, but you have to be comfortable about learning it on-the-go while developing on the NextJS boilerplate. The syntax is easy to pick up.
- Tailwind you don't need to be a master of it, but you have to be comfortable with using tailwind reference online to determine what tailwind classes to use in order to achieve the look you want. Tailwind is already included into the NextJS boilerplate, so you don't need to know the Tailwind setup which is usually involved.
- Zod is real time type validation. If you don't know it, you'll pick it up fast with this NextJS tutorial along the way

These are the versions that the tutorial worked for:
- Next.js v15.1.6 
- React 19.0.0
- React-Dom 19.0.0

Keep in mind the official boilerplate we get from NextJS for this tutorial has NextJS, React and React-DOM set to "latest" at package.json. You may have to manually adjust package.json to those specific versions  if you find their boilerplate unable to install Nodejs package, unable to start dev server, or unable to build.

Attached package.json that worked:
```
{
  "private": true,
  "scripts": {
    "build": "next build",
    "dev": "next dev --turbopack",
    "start": "next start",
    "postinstall": "cd node_modules/bcrypt && npx node-pre-gyp install --fallback-to-build"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@heroicons/react": "^2.2.0",
    "@tailwindcss/forms": "^0.5.10",
    "autoprefixer": "10.4.20",
    "bcrypt": "^5.1.1",
    "clsx": "^2.1.1",
    "next": "15.1.6",
    "next-auth": "5.0.0-beta.25",
    "postcss": "8.5.1",
    "postgres": "^3.4.5",
    "react": "19.0.0",
    "react-dom": "19.0.0",
    "tailwindcss": "3.4.17",
    "typescript": "5.7.3",
    "use-debounce": "^10.0.4",
    "zod": "^3.24.1"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@types/bcrypt": "^5.0.2",
    "@types/node": "22.10.7",
    "@types/react": "19.0.7",
    "@types/react-dom": "19.0.3"
  }
}
```

If still having problem getting their example and our instructions to work well, the command `npx create-next-app@latest nextjs-dashboard --example "https://github.com/vercel/next-learn/tree/main/dashboard/starter-example" --use-pnpm` pulls from commit ID "bd393a4" from Feb 4, 2025 - so at Github, you can browse the files for that commit, then download as zip.

---


We will be retelling the official Get Started guide from
https://nextjs.org/learn/dashboard-app/getting-started

If our instructions are very different than the official Get Started guide, then it means our instructions have become outdated.

The official docs are further clarified where needed. We also covered some gotchas that the official docs have missed.

The lessons are numbered according to the chapters at the official docs.

---

Proceed to [[01-02. Dashboard boilerplate, pnpm install, tailwind, csx, css modules]]