Caveat: Weng created these categories, which he believes provide a strong summary of AI professionals, though they may not align with the official categories used by expert bodies and organizations that may emerge with time. He also feels that these categories are intuitive and easy to understand. The AI folders on this tutorial website are broken down into these three categories of AI Experts.

**Level 1 Prompt Engineering** is the most basic level that does not require knowledge of programming, however is a requirement if you are to develop AI applications. As a prompt engineer, you know how to prompt correctly for the desired results at ChatGPT, Claude Chat, Bard, etc? The Engineering part has less to do with knowing code, but more to do with leveraging the way AI understands human language and making its knowledge it can draw from more precise. You do not need to know NLP or various algorithms that the AI uses underneath. Another word for this is "Power User".

**Level 2 AI Developer** is the next level of AI development. You know how to connect to ChatGPT and various AI APIs, text or non-text generative types (such as Eleven Labs for text to speech). You can connect to ChatGPT's API using OpenAI or LangChain, and you can connect whether it's PHP, Python, cURL, etc, or at least know how to figure that out. In addition, you know how to make use of the AI API's within your application for business needs.
- AI Developer really has two sub-levels. 
	- API Developer who's a basic API consumer. The developer can use API to transform a simple input to a simple output.
	- API Developer who combines different API services and inputs and outputs. This developer can do much more than a simple API use. The developer can do chatrooms and agents (not just the agent setup at the OpenAI dashboard that's streamlined).

Note that Level 2 is NOT about training the AI, storing in vector databases, knowing the algorithms for which AI is trained, analyzes, and generates from, eg. NLP. Refer to the folder AI Engineer.

**Level 2 AI Engineer** is the engineer who is involved directly with the model and vector database rather than having them abstracted away with API calls. The AI Engineers should be broken into two levels based on involvement.
	- AI Engineer Novice: The AI engineer novice uses pre-made tools or scripts to carry out AI tasks. Usually those tools are on Github, Colab, Jupyter Notebooks, Hugging Face, etc. Sometimes this AI engineer has more involvement with model and vector databases because the script they downloaded has code that works with the model and vector databases, however they're not editing that part of the code or they merely edits it for simple adjustments (for example, changing CUDA to Metal because they're on a Mac). As their curiosity grows, they may try to write their own tools or scripts to carry AI tasks, which leads to the next level.
	- AI Engineer Expert: The AI engineer expert has more direct involvement with model and vector databases. They can explain the algorithms that AI uses to transform/generate/analyze/etc and can code it themselves. May use PyTorch and/or Tensorflow, but it's not necessary to know both.
