Goal: Have Docker Compose BUILD and RUN.

Requirements: In order to take on the Docker Compose challenges, you must have completed the 1.XX challenge series. A lot of Docker Compose builds on the concepts of Docker.

Let's work off the code of:
[[1.08 Mounting container read and write to host folder]]

That's the challenge where you ran an express server via Docker that's mounted to a ./logs path that creates ./logs/visited.log containing the timestamp times that you've visited "http://localhost:3002/" on the web browser.

Add a new file `docker-compose.yml`:
```
version: "3.8"
services:
  express-app:
    build:
      context: .
    ports:
      - "3003:3000"
    volumes:
      - ./logs:/app/logs
```

^ Explanations: 
- With docker compose, our port mapping and volume mounting or any options are inputted into a file rather than passed into the container running command.
- Notice the key "build", because docker compose will both BUILD and RUN for us.
- The "build" key is assigned an object because there could be more than one option
	- key "context" - is the directory where the Dockerfile is
	- key "dockerfile" - NOT in the code snippet here, but if you named the Dockerfile something else, like Dockerfile.app1 or Dockerfile.app2, you can provide the filename to the key `dockerfile: `. Docker Compose makes it possible to run multiple containers from a docker-compose.yml, so some repos have multiple Dockerfile's..... Refer to optional "Deep Dive on Multiple Dockerfile's" below if interested.

> [!note] Deep Dive on Multiple Dockerfile's
> Docker Compose makes it possible to run multiple containers from a docker-compose.yml, so some repos have multiple Dockerfile's, although the better practice is to keep the name Dockerfile, and have those various services in their own folder (so only `context` differs).
> 
> Here's an example docker-compose.yml with multiple Dockerfile's named differently in the same folder:
> ```
> version: "3.8"
> services:
>   app1:
>     build:
>       context: .
>       dockerfile: Dockerfile.app1
>     ports:
>       "8080:8080"
> 
>   app2:
>     build:
>       context: .
>       dockerfile: Dockerfile.app2
>     ports:
>       "8081:8080"
> 
>   web:
>     build:
>       context: .
>       dockerfile: Dockerfile.web
>     ports:
>       "80:80"
> ```
> 
> Here's an example docker-compose.yml with multiple Dockerfile's in different folders, so they are all named "Dockerfile"
> ```
> version: "3.8"
> services:
>   app1:
>     build:
>       context: ./app1
>     ports:
>       - "8080:8080"
> 
>   app2:
>     build:
>       context: ./app2
>     ports:
>       - "8081:8080"
> 
>   web:
>     build:
>       context: ./web
>     ports:
>       - "80:80"
> ```
> 

Now we run the docker-compose.yml with the `docker compose..` command:
```
docker compose up -d
```

^ Explanation: -d means to run it in detached mode (daemon to Linux fans, background mode to laypersons). The terminal does not need to be live for the container to run. 

You can perform the same commands to check for the existence of active containers and/or remove them (`docker ps`) (`docker kill CONTAINER_ID`).

Notice we've mapped to the host machine's port 3003 instead of port 3002 like the previous challenge. We did this in case you still have a previous instance running on the computer.

Visit in web browser: `http://localhost:3003/` to log a visit timestamp

Visit in web browser: `http://localhost:3003/visited` or open `./logs/visited.log` to see the timestamps.

If all works well, please kill the container and you may proceed with the next step.
