**Port mapping and volume mounting in Docker Compose**

From the previous three challenges, we focused more on what Docker Compose ran off of (Dockerfile, an existing image, or a remote Hub image), however all of them were based off the image where you had an express server that writes timestamps to a file on your computer. You would notice that to map container port to host port and to mount symbolic folder in the container to host folder, they're not passed to the command and instead are marked up inside the docker-compose.yml file:
```
    ports:
      - "3003:3000"
    volumes:
      - ./logs:/app/logs
```

**Dockerfile and/or docker-compose.yml:**

When you visit coding repo's, you may see Dockerfile alone, docker-compose.yml alone, or both Dockerfile with docker-compose.yml.:
- Dockerfile and docker-compose.yml in the same folder: 
  The author intends you to run the app using Docker Compose (`docker compose` command), because Docker Compose will build Dockerfile and run the container. That use case is [[3.01 Run Docker Compose off of Dockerfile]]
	- Likely the docker-compose.yml will have a service with a "build" -> "context" field set to the current folder, but no "build" -> "dockerfile" field.
	- Unlikely docker-compose.yml will have a service with a "image" field pointing to some image name, expecting you to manually build the image off of the Dockerfile first by running `docker build -t IMAGE_NAME .` with the docker-preconfigured image name BEFORE running Docker Compose `docker compose up -d`. Then there would be no "build" group of values for that service. This is poor practice and the author is likely a Docker Compose beginner.
- Dockerfile only in the folder:
   The author intends you to run the app using Docker (First building with `docker build -t IMAGE_NAME .` , then running with `docker run -d IMAGE_NAME`). You're skipping running `npm start` even if there's a `package.json`
- docker-compose.yml only in the folder: 
  The author intends you to run the app using Docker Compose while online (`docker compose` command), because Docker Compose will download the image from the Repo, then run a virtual container off that image. That use case is [[1.03 Consistent NodeJS Interpreter and Packages]].
	- Likely the docker-compose.yml will have a service with an "image" field set to the Hub repo's USERNAME/REPO:TAG format. Then there would be no "build" group of values for that service.

----

If your Dockerfile is named differently, then you provide both the "build" -> "context" and "build" -> "dockerfile" (which is the filename of the Dockerfile)

Usually Dockerfile is named differently if you have multiple Dockerfiles:
```
version: "3.8"
services:
  app1:
    build:
      context: .
      dockerfile: Dockerfile.app1
    ports:
      "8080:8080"

  app2:
    build:
      context: .
      dockerfile: Dockerfile.app2
    ports:
      "8081:8080"

  web:
    build:
      context: .
      dockerfile: Dockerfile.web
    ports:
      "80:80"
```

Note that multiple container docker-compose.yml will be covered in later challenges.

---

**Image key**

Docker compose file with `image` key could be a local image:
```
version: '3.8'  
  
services:  
  express-app:  
    image: express-app:latest
    ports:  
      - "3000:3000"
```

Or the the `image` key could be a remote Hub image:
```
version: '3.8'  
  
services:  
  express-app:  
    image: USERNAME/express-app:latest
    ports:  
      - "3000:3000"
```

The difference at the online Hub  image is that you have a username as part of the image name for the online Hub image. 

If Docker Compose doesn't find the image locally, it'll try to pull it from a remote registry (like Docker Hub).

Remember when downloading the image, that image could be architecture specific or it could be multi architectures, depending on how the author built the image.
- [[2.02 Push Architecture Specific Image to Hub]]
- [[2.03 Push Multi-Arch Image to Hub]]